Settings
1.	Lets be able to configure various LLM service provider i.e Anthropic, Google, OpenAI Groq etc (including locally hosted models like Llama, Deepseak) such that when creating or configuring our Agents we can select the LLM that the provider will make available to the system once connected. Create a flow that will confirm the connection for the different service providers. Similarly, with Brokers, configure the broker configuration section to have a list of all known brokers that are integrated or compatible with the lumibot framework and once selected from a dropdown list load the required authentication parameters then add a test connection and save button for the configuration.
2.	Trading Settings: If the Strategy Coding agent receives recommendations from all the all the other agents on market condition that will give best results, the agent should create a config or yaml file that with updated recommended parameters that can override the user inputted values (however needs users confirmation) then the execution agent can execute with the loaded trading parameters i.e trailing stops etc. Populate the trading settings with more parameters for e.g portifolio risk management, leverage sizes etc but make them optional or ai managed (through an option box of how they will be managed). Include feed advising that an ai generated config file has been generated which the user can click to view and then accept or load to override existing settings; provide a database for stored config files and the strategies that have been used with the file as well as the performance of the 2 (Config + Strategy) that the user or agent can interchange (re-recommend) or load in the future. Include deleting or archiving these files. Details of allowed trades or type such trade type (sell or buy), Trading method (Spot, Future, Options) Asset type (Forex, Stock, Crypto), Category (Tech, Agriculture, etc) should be included.
Agents
By default the agents currently available in the system cannot be deleted but can be deactivated, however prompts can be updated during the configuration process by the user (in case use messes up hardcode default settings that can be loaded when clicked just be sure to confirm if user really want to load default agent settings)
3. By default the Agent Setting should consider that every agent will have specific llm configured to them. Remeber that agent configuration can be done in the Agent page section so dont duplicate work.

Monitoring
When view running strategies is clicked, open the page and show charts of performance of the respective strategies and all the trades (with filters of up to 100 rows) that were opened by the strategies with column details like date, lot size, trade type (sell or buy), Trading method (Spot, Future, Options) Asset type (Forex, Stock, Crypto), Category (Tech, Agriculture, etc) and any other relevant columns in the table. Store these table of the trades (live trades results) in an suitable table within the system so we can access it the details for machine learning type strategies that the Strategy coder should also be equipped with.

Monitoring page

1. Can we have the table of all opened trades (live feed from broker)
2. Reduce the size of the cards of Recent Activity Log and Key Metrics possible have them on right side bar as links or (something I just want a better clean look to allow for
most of the space underneat used for the table)) 
